### F-SECURE® TERMS OF USE (July 2017)

These Terms cover the USB armory Mark I ("USB ARMORY").

IMPORTANT – BEFORE INSTALLING OR USING THE F-SECURE USB ARMORY, CAREFULLY READ
THESE TERMS OF USE (”TERMS”). BY OPTING TO ACCEPT, BY INSTALLING  OR USING THE
USB ARMORY YOU (EITHER AN INDIVIDUAL OR AN ENTITY) WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE READ
THESE TERMS, UNDERSTAND THEM AND AGREE TO BE LEGALLY BOUND BY THEM. IF YOU DO
NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS, DO NOT INSTALL  OR USE THE USB ARMORY.

You acknowledge and accept that the USB ARMORY is subject to specific
limitations such as purpose of use and certain technical requirements including
but not limited to operating system, storage space, geographical location or
network connectivity. Please be aware that the USB ARMORY may not be available
and/or allowed in your country of residence.

You may not in any event use the USB ARMORY for purpose violating applicable
laws, including export laws.

#### OPEN SOURCE LICENSES

You acknowledge that the components of the USB ARMORY are covered by open
source software licenses (“OSS Licenses”). Some of these OSS Licenses require
that the distributor makes the USB ARMORY available in source code format
(“Open Source Components”). In respect of the Open Source Components, the
following stipulations shall apply; i) to the extent expressly required by the
OSS Licenses, the terms of relevant OSS licenses (including in particular the
scope of license as well as disclaimers of warranties and liabilities) shall
apply to the respective Open Source Component(s) in lieu of these Terms and ii)
to the extent the applicable terms of OSS Licenses prohibit any of the
restrictions in these Terms such restrictions will not apply to respective Open
Source Components. Such OSS Licenses relating to respective Open Source
Components are located at the installation directory of the USB ARMORY or in
such other place as indicated in the USB ARMORY, when so required by the terms
of OSS Licenses. 

#### LIMITED WARRANTY AND DISCLAIMERS

**Disclaimer of Warranty on USB ARMORY**. THE USB ARMORY IS PROVIDED "AS IS".
F-SECURE, ITS LICENSORS AND DISTRIBUTORS DO NOT GUARANTEE THE USB ARMORY OR
RELATED DOCUMENTATION IN TERMS OF THEIR CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, OR
OTHERWISE. F-SECURE AND ITS LICENSORS AND DISTRIBUTORS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE,
AVAILABILITY, PERFORMANCE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  YOU ASSUME THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE RESULTS AND
PERFORMANCE OF THE USB ARMORY.

**Warranty for hardware**. F-Secure provides a voluntary manufacturer’s limited
warranty for hardware (hereinafter “Warranty”). The Warranty is for two (2)
years in the EU and (1) year for hardware in all other countries or regions
(hereinafter “Warranty Period”).  The Warranty provides rights that may be
separate to the rights provided to you by consumer law, including but not
limited to those relating to non-conforming goods. Hence, the F-Secure warranty
beneﬁts are in addition to, and not instead of, rights provided by consumer law
in your jurisdiction.  The Warranty Period begins from the date of original
purchase of the product from F-Secure or an F-Secure authorized reseller. lf
there is a defect during the warranty period, F-Secure, at its option and to
the extent required by law will (a) repair the product at no charge using new
parts or parts that are equivalent to new in reliability and performance, or
(b) exchange the product with a functionally equivalent product that is new or
equivalent to new in reliability and performance, or (c) refund the original
purchase price. This Warranty excludes damage resulting from accidents, abuse
or other causes that can be determined not to be defects in materials and
workmanship including but not limited to if the product has been used or
maintained in a manner not conforming to the user documentation and Terms of
Use. The removal, defacing, and/or altering of the original factory serial
number or modifying or repairing of the F-Secure hardware without authorization
from F-Secure will void this warranty.  All warranties, conditions and other
terms not set out in this warranty document are excluded from the warranty,
except for the rights entitled to you by the laws of your jurisdiction.
F-Secure does not warrant, represent or undertake that it will be able to
repair or replace the hardware under this warranty without risk to and/or loss
of information and/or data stored on the hardware. ln no event will F-Secure be
liable for (a) any losses that were not caused by F-Secure’s breach of this
warranty (b) any loss or damage that was not, at the time of the purchase of
the hardware, a reasonably foreseeable consequence of F-Secure breaching this
warranty or (c) losses relating to any business, loss of proﬁts, loss of data
or loss of opportunity. The provisions of this warranty shall not apply to (1)
death or personal injury, (2) fraud or gross negligence, or (3) fraudulent
misrepresentation, or (4) any other liability that cannot be limited or
excluded as a matter of law. Certain states or countries may not allow
limitations on how long a warranty lasts, or allow exclusion or limitation of
incidental or consequential damages. Because of this, the above limitations or
exclusions may not apply to you. Note that this warranty gives you speciﬁc
legal rights, and you may also have other rights, which vary from state to
state or country to country. For a full understanding of your rights you may
consult the laws of your state, province or country. To submit a warranty
claim, please contact F-Secure Customer Care as outlined below. Please be
prepared to have your proof of purchase for any warranty claims.

**Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of express or
implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you, and you may
have other rights, which may vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction.**

#### LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

**Limitation of Liability for Certain Categories of Damages**. IN NO EVENT AND
UNDER NO LEGAL THEORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO TORT OR CONTRACT, SHALL
F-SECURE, ITS EMPLOYEES OR OFFICERS, ITS LICENSORS, ITS DISTRIBUTORS OR ITS
SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL OR
INDIRECT DAMAGES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF REVENUE OR PROFIT,
LOST OR DAMAGED DATA, FILES, DEVICE OR APPLICATION NON-PERFORMANCE, FAILURE OR
MALFUNCTION OR OTHER COMMERCIAL OR ECONOMIC LOSS, ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF, OR
INABILITY TO USE, THE USB ARMORY, RELATED DOCUMENTATION OR THIRD PARTY
SERVICES, EVEN IF F-SECURE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

**Limitation of Aggregate Liability**. F-SECURE’S, ITS LICENSORS’ AND ITS
DISTRIBUTORS’ MAXIMUM AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ACTUAL DAMAGES FOR ANY
CAUSE WHATSOEVER SHALL IN NO EVENT EXCEED THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU FOR THE USB
ARMORY. IN CASE OF DAMAGE RESULTING FROM A FAILURE OF THE USB ARMORY LEADING TO
LOSS, CORRUPTION, UNAUTHORIZED DISCLOSURE OR EXTENDED UNAVAILABILITY OF THE
CONTENT, THE LIABILITY SHALL BE EXPRESSLY LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID FOR THE
USB ARMORY FOR SIX MONTHS IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING SUCH FAILURE.

**Unalienable Consumer Rights, Beneficiaries to Terms**. Some jurisdictions do
not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or
consequential damages so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you
or may apply to you only in part. Nothing contained in these Terms shall
prejudice the statutory rights of any party dealing as a consumer. F-Secure is
acting also on behalf of its employees, distributors, licensors, suppliers and
affiliates to disclaim, exclude and restrict obligations, warranties, and
liability as provided in these Terms, but in no other respects and for no other
purpose.

**Limitation of Liability under German and Austrian Laws**. In respect of
products purchased by consumers residing in Germany or Austria, the following
limitations of liabilities shall apply in lieu of sections 1 and 2 above:
Concerning claims for damages, claims for compensation of expenses and other
liability claims, whether arising in contract, tort, breach of statutory duty
or otherwise under these terms the following applies: F-Secure, its licensors,
its distributors or its suppliers shall be liable without restriction for i)
damage caused intentionally or through gross negligence, ii) for claims
according to the German/Austrian Product Liability Act and iii) in the case of
violating life, body or health. In case of simple negligence, the following
applies: F-Secure, its licensors, its distributors or its suppliers shall only
be liable insofar as it has breached an essential contractual obligation
(cardinal contractual obligation). This liability shall be restricted to the
contractually typical and foreseeable damage in the case of material and
pecuniary damages.

**Compensation for damages or loss**. You shall indemnify, defend and hold
harmless F-Secure, its employees, officers, licensors, distributors, suppliers
(collectively the “Indemnitees”) against (i) any and all costs, charges,
claims, damages, liabilities incurred and/or proceedings taken against any of
the Indemnitees due to your illegal conduct and/or violation of rights of third
parties, (ii) without limitation outside legal counsel and consultants fees
resulting thereof; and/or (ii) any damage that you may cause through your use
of the USB ARMORY.

**Export Restrictions**. You acknowledge and agree that the USB ARMORY may be
subject to restrictions and controls imposed by national laws and regulations,
including but not limited to European Union export regulations or the United
States Export Administration Act (collectively "Export Rules"). You agree and
certify that neither the USB ARMORY nor any direct product thereof is being or
will be acquired, shipped, transferred, or re-exported, directly or indirectly,
into any country for which such export is prohibited under the Export Rules and
the regulations thereunder, nor will it be used for any purpose prohibited by
the same. By using the USB ARMORY, you are acknowledging and agreeing to the
foregoing, and you are representing and warranting that you will comply with
the Export Rules when either exporting or re-exporting or importing the USB
ARMORY or any underlying information technology. Further, you represent and
warrant that you are not a national of any US embargoed country, or a party
listed in the U.S. Table of Denial Orders or U.S. Treasury Department's list of
Specially Designated Nationals.  You  shall not directly or indirectly export
or re-export USB ARMORY (i) to persons or entities subject EU or US sanctions
or (ii) to any country or region subject to a comprehensive EU or US embargo
(currently Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan, Syria and the regions Crimea and
Sevastopol).

**U.S. Government Rights**. If the USB ARMORY is acquired for or on behalf of
the United States of America, its agencies and/or instrumentalities ("U.S.
Government"), you acknowledge that the USB ARMORY and the documentation are
“commercial computer USB ARMORY” and respectively “commercial computer USB
ARMORY documentation” as those terms are defined for purposes of the Federal
Acquisition Regulations (FARs) in the case of procurement by civilian agencies
(48 C.F.R. 2.101) and the Department of Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation
Supplement (DFARS) in the case of procurement by units of the Department of
Defense (48 C.F.R. 252.227-7014(a)(1) and (5)). Consistent with 48 C.F.R.
12.212 of FARs and 48 C.F.R. 227.7202 of DFARS and other applicable
regulations, any use, modification, reproduction, release, performance,
display, disclosure or distribution of the USB ARMORY and documentation by or
for the U.S. Government shall be governed solely by these Terms and shall be
prohibited except to the extent expressly permitted by these Terms.

**High Risk Activities**. The USB ARMORY is not fault-tolerant unless expressly
stated in product documentation and is not designed, manufactured or intended
for use or resale as control equipment in hazardous environments requiring
fail-safe performance, such as in the operation of nuclear facilities, aircraft
navigation or communication systems, air traffic control, direct life support
machines, or weapons systems, in which the failure of the USB ARMORY could lead
directly to death, personal injury, or severe physical or environmental damage
("High Risk Activities"). F-Secure and its suppliers specifically disclaim any
express or implied warranty of fitness for High Risk Activities.

**Governing Law and Dispute Resolution**. Unless otherwise stated below, these
Terms shall be governed under the laws of Finland without regard to conflict of
laws rules and principles and without regard to the United Nations Convention
of Contracts for the International Sale of Goods. The courts of Finland shall
have the exclusive jurisdiction and venue to adjudicate any dispute arising out
of these Terms.  In the case of products purchased within or on behalf of users
residing within the United States or operating under the laws of the United
States the governing law of these Terms shall be the laws of the State of New
York without regard to conflict of laws rules and principles and without regard
to the United Nations Convention of Contracts for the International Sale of
Goods. In such cases, the exclusive jurisdiction and venue to adjudicate any
dispute arising out of these Terms shall be of the federal and state courts
located in New York. In respect of products purchased by consumers residing
outside Finland or the United States, these Terms may be governed by the
mandatory local laws of such jurisdictions. Where F-Secure should elect not to
insist upon enforcing its rights in line with these Terms, this shall not be
interpreted as a waiver of F-Secure’s right to enforce the same in the future.
In the event that you are a consumer residing in the EU, and a conflict
concerning these Terms cannot be resolved by you and F-Secure or F-Secure’s
respective distributor in amicable negotiations, you may resort to your local
national dispute resolution body for consumer disputes. You may find the full
list of competent dispute resolution bodies in your jurisdiction here
https://webgate.ec.europa.eu/odr. Alternatively, you may also use the Online
Dispute Resolution Platform available here http://ec.europa.eu/odr for
resolving a consumer dispute.

#### CONTACT DETAILS

If you have any questions on these Terms or if you need to contact F-Secure for
any other reason, please write: F-Secure Corporation, PL24, FI-00181 Helsinki,
Finland, e-mail: helsinki@f-secure.com or call: +358 9 2520 0700.
